I'm glad you brought it up. Our motto is,
Cocoanut Beach... no snow, no ice and no business.
Do you know that Florida is the
greatest state in the Union? Is it?
Take its climate. No, we took that.
Take its fruits, take the alligator pears.
Take all the alligator pears
and keep 'em. See if I care.
Do you know how alligator pears are
made? Haven't the slightest idea.
That's because you've never been an
alligator, and don't let it happen again.
Do you know that it sometimes requires years
to bring the pear and the alligator together?
They don't like each other.
No.
No. Do you know how many alligator pears are sent out
of this state every year and told not to come back?
I don't think I do.
All they can get a hold of.